chore: repo readmes (DCD-43) (#27)
desmos-labs/desmos-bindings: README.md

# Desmos Bindings

> This repository contains the CosmWasm bindings to interact with the custom Desmos features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the CosmWasm bindings packages that allows the interaction with the Desmos chain features from smart contracts.
```

# Compatibility

Below the compatibility between the bindings and the Desmos chain

| Bindings Version | Desmos Version |
|---|---|
| **v1.0.0** | **v4.1.0** |

# Create a new contract
Assuming you have a recent version of rust and cargo (v1.58.1+) installed
(via [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)),

> then the following should get you a new repo to start a contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the following instruction should provide you with a new template contract already set-up to interact with the bindings:
```

> Install [cargo-generate](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams/cargo-generate) and cargo-run-script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [cargo-generate](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams/cargo-generate) and [cargo-run-script](https://github.com/JoshMcguigan/cargo-run-script).
```

> Unless you did that before, run this line now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless you did that before, you can install them by running the following commands:
```

```sh
cargo install cargo-generate --features vendored-openssl
cargo install cargo-run-script
```

> Now, use it to create your new contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use `cargo-generate` to set-up your new contract.
```

> Go to the folder in which you want to place it and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the folder in which you want to place the project and run:
```

```sh

> cargo generate --git https://github.com/desmos-labs/cw-template.git --name PROJECT_NAME

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cargo generate --git https://github.com/desmos-labs/cw-template.git --name PROJECT_NAME
cd PROJECT_NAME
cargo add desmos-binding
```

Author: The template repository already contains the `desmos-bindings` dependency
